sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_m pl_s pw_m Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_s pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_l pl_s pw_m Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_m sw_l pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_s sw_m pl_s pw_s Iris-setosa
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_s sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_s sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_s sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-versicolor
sl_m sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_s sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_s pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_l pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_l pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_s pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_l pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_s pl_l pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_l pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_l sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_s pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_l Iris-virginica
sl_m sw_m pl_m pw_m Iris-virginica
